Adding install instructions to docs (#115)
sunpy/sunkit-instruments: docs/index.rst

A package for instrument-specific data structures and processing in the SunPy ecosystem.

Installation
============

For detailed installation instructions, see the `installation guide`_ in the ``sunpy`` docs.
This takes you through the options for getting a virtual environment and installing ``sunpy``.
You will need to replace "sunpy" with "sunkit-instruments".

Getting Help
============

> Stop by our chat room `#sunpy:matrix.org`_ if you have any questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stop by our `chat room <https://app.element.io/#/room/#sunpy:openastronomy.org>`__ if you have any questions.
```
